some 142 the chief musician a psalm of
some 142 the chief musician a psalm of david deliver me O Lord from evil men
david deliver me O Lord from evil men
david deliver me O Lord from evil men preserve me from violent men plan evil
preserve me from violent men plan evil
preserve me from violent men plan evil things in their hearts they continually
things in their hearts they continually
things in their hearts they continually gather together for war they sharpen
gather together for war they sharpen
gather together for war they sharpen their tongues like a serpent the poison
their tongues like a serpent the poison
their tongues like a serpent the poison of ASPs is under their lips keep me O
of ASPs is under their lips keep me O
of ASPs is under their lips keep me O Lord from the hands of the wicked
Lord from the hands of the wicked
Lord from the hands of the wicked preserve me from violent men who have
preserve me from violent men who have
preserve me from violent men who have purposed to make my steps stumble the
purposed to make my steps stumble the
purposed to make my steps stumble the proud have hidden a snare from me and
proud have hidden a snare from me and
proud have hidden a snare from me and cords they have spread a net by the
cords they have spread a net by the
cords they have spread a net by the wayside they have set traps for me I
wayside they have set traps for me I
wayside they have set traps for me I said to the Lord you are my god hear the
said to the Lord you are my god hear the
said to the Lord you are my god hear the voice of my supplications O Lord O God
voice of my supplications O Lord O God
voice of my supplications O Lord O God the Lord the strength of my salvation
the Lord the strength of my salvation
the Lord the strength of my salvation you have covered my head in the day of
you have covered my head in the day of
you have covered my head in the day of battle do not grant O Lord the desires
battle do not grant O Lord the desires
battle do not grant O Lord the desires of the wicked do not further his wicked
of the wicked do not further his wicked
of the wicked do not further his wicked scheme list they be exalted as for the
scheme list they be exalted as for the
scheme list they be exalted as for the head those who surround me but the evil
head those who surround me but the evil
head those who surround me but the evil of their lips cover them but burning
of their lips cover them but burning
of their lips cover them but burning coals fall upon them let them be cast
coals fall upon them let them be cast
coals fall upon them let them be cast into the fire into deep pits that they
into the fire into deep pits that they
into the fire into deep pits that they rise not up again let not a slanderer be
rise not up again let not a slanderer be
rise not up again let not a slanderer be established in the earth but evil hunt
established in the earth but evil hunt
established in the earth but evil hunt the violent man to overthrow him I know
the violent man to overthrow him I know
the violent man to overthrow him I know that the Lord will maintain the cause of
that the Lord will maintain the cause of
that the Lord will maintain the cause of the afflicted and justice for the poor
the afflicted and justice for the poor
the afflicted and justice for the poor surely the righteous shall give thanks
surely the righteous shall give thanks
surely the righteous shall give thanks to your name the upright shall dwell in
to your name the upright shall dwell in
to your name the upright shall dwell in your presence
your presence
your presence you